hi mrs. motto the purpose of this video
is to help you to improve your tactical
skills every time in a senior position
pause the video and try to find the
winning over not only debt try to find
out what happens after the best events
let's start this is the position for the
game Paul Karason Mikhail Botvinnik let
us build in Leningrad in 1941
Myka Botnick had black pieces and it is
black to mobile
what would you do if you wish you can
pause the video and try to find the best
not for black ready both manic sacrifice
the born have you seen the smoke Queen
takes pawn Knight today for attacking
the Queen and carrots played Queen to d3
if rook takes Knight there is checkmated
mana so we have a queen to d3 black to
move next move is easy isn't it nice to
see to check keep to be one black
leather move and white designed
not to before why designed white is
losing in all variations
the threat is Knight to c3 o night to D
to double check
well let's try one duration if for
example Queen to b3 night to D to double
check and after King to a one night
takes the Queen okay let's move to our
next game this is the position for the
game mark Zupan Oscar no jelly let us
present Switzerland in 1934 it is
vitamin water to Udo marks you
sacrificed the bishop for two points
plus attack plenty of compensation the
King takes bishop check attacking the
pawn on e6
King to f7 Queen takes pawn check King
to g6 what would you do now max you
played f7 discover check King to g7 why
to move what do you do
max you played Bishop 26 check rook
takes Bishop pawn is pushed and promoted
a queen this is check King takes Queen
twin takes rook check King 12 seven if
the Queen to g7 then rook to e8 check
separating at the kingdom the Queen so
we have King twelve seven Queen to h7
check King to a fate tweet which I check
King twelve seven rook to e8 Knight of 6
Knight is usually a very good defender
of the King but this night is not the
Francis Bacon belong and I can't defend
all the squares white the movement black
designed what is the mouth
like soup ladle 2f8 black designed in
your discontinuation King 2a6 rook takes
night check came to these seven check
meaning the Queen
okay let's move to our next game this is
the game it's very Michael Bolton they
can Milan with murder lets us play in
England in 1936 both make a white piece
is that it is white over what would you
do
some people say just sacrifice the queen
is it good it doesn't work always did
you find them all both make sacrifice
the night on f7 would you play this too
rook takes night Tobias how we do
continue the attack on black ink botnik
capture the knight on f6 Bishop removing
the defender of the knight on d5 Bishop
takes Bishop rook takes Knight attack in
the queen and also white pin is
attacking the rook on C 822 c6
defending the rock you know how would
you continue to attack both Nick played
rook to the 6 and we'd not played the
Queen to v8 if Queen takes rook then
Queen takes on c8 check and after say
create to f8 perhaps Queen takes on b7
or even a rope to c1 will be winning for
white we have Queen to e8 white over
white play the movement black resigned
what panic blade broke to this event
black resigned well let's try my
variation came to h8 and pinning then
simply rook takes rook how many kilos
did you find I hope you enjoyed watching
this video and solving these just buzzes
wish you good luck in finding the
winning moves in your own games bye for
now